---
layout: post
title: "Sheldon's Day"
date: 2016-08-28 20:43
author: Clark Weckmann
categories:
- blog
img: cruise.jpg
thumb: diet.png
---

### Sheldon had a wild day!
Today Sheldon got to eat some yummy snacks:
* Pears
* Grapes
* Cereal Pieces

He's never had the cereal bits, but he sure loved them! <!--more-->

### How the day went by...

__Morning:__

Sheldon woke up from his little doggy bed and started taking his morning walk. During his morning walk he managed to scare the dog, knock over a hamper, and try to walk under a door about 50 times. It wasn't the most exciting morning but that's just what how he does it!

__Day:__

Sheldon ran around the house eating snacks and playing. He went outside for a little bit to soak up some warm sun rays. During his outside adventure he made a friend, a leaf, an unusual friend but a friend. He was very interested in the leaf and always went back to it when he was done roaming.

__Evening:__

During his evening he napped and watched the outside through the windows for a little bit. He didn't wanna play outside though he seemed happy laying on his vent and watching the trees sway. Sheldon got to see his kitty friends who weren't exactly excited about seeing him, nontheless Sheldon made the best out of it! He chased the kitty and played in the dirt and dust. Sheldon got to go for a car ride too. He seems to enjoy car ride but I don't fully know if he does. I know he likes the AC even though he is cold blooded (weird).

__Night:__

Sheldon is back at home in his normal bed. He'll be happy to see his grandma next weekend. I'm sure she'll be happy too! Everywhere Sheldon goes he seems to draw attention and make friends. I always tell people he's such a good turtle. This makes me think, how can you be a bad turtle? You'd have to try rather hard to be a bad turtle. It's very easy to be a good turtle though.

__Conclusion:__

Sheldon had a good day and seems very happy sleeping. I wonder what his turtle dreams are tonight...

~ Goodnight
