---
layout: post
title: "Support us on Patreon!"
date: 2016-08-28 17:49
author: Clark Weckmann
categories:
- News
img: patreon.jpg
thumb: patreon.jpg
---

### Support Sheldon!

By supporting us on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?patAmt=1&u=3261891) you are allowing this blog to move forward! Supporters on Patreon get a special gift for donating! Donating anything, even one dollar, is very much appreciated! There is simply not enough time in one day. This money will go towards domain fees, hosting fees (hosting is currently provided free by GitHub but will be migrated), and the biggest help of all more hands!
<!--more-->
### What is Patreon?

#### Patreon is the best way for creators to earn ongoing revenue directly from their fans.

__For creators__, Patreon is a way to get paid for creating the things you’re already creating (webcomics, videos, songs, whatevs). Fans pay a few bucks per month OR per post you release, and then you get paid every month, or every time you release something new. Learn more about becoming a creator on Patreon HERE.

__For patrons__, Patreon is a way to join your favorite creator's community and pay them for making the stuff you love. Instead of literally throwing money at your screen (trust us, that doesn’t work), you can now pay a few bucks per month or per post that a creator makes.  For example, if you pay $2 per video, and the creator releases 3 videos in February, then your card gets charged a total of $6 that month.  This means the creator gets paid regularly (every time she releases something new), and you become a bonafide, real-life patron of the arts.  That’s right--Imagine you, in a long frilly white wig, painted on a 10-foot canvas on the wall of a Victorian mansion.  And imagine your favorite creators making a living doing what they do best… because of you.

 And for all you artsy people that would rather just watch a video...
 <style>.video-container {
    position: relative;
    padding-bottom: 56.25%;
    padding-top: 30px; height: 0; overflow: hidden;
}

.video-container iframe,
.video-container object,
.video-container embed {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    width: 100%;
    height: 100%;
}</style>
<div class="video-container">
         <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wH-IDF809fQ" frameborder="0" width="75%" height="75%"></iframe>
</div>

[Original Writer Of 'What is Patreon'](https://patreon.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204606315-What-is-Patreon-)
